I want to start with the object object itself.
So if we have a object like let's say this one here where we have our property A which is 1 and then
we have our object to which might look like this with B which is to what's name the first of chief one
actually then we get a new method object a sign which basically allows us to merge multiple objects
so this won't work like that.
I will create this merged object and of course I could have use let instead of war here.
So the treat is Murcia object with the object assign method.
So the assign the static assign method on the built in object object.
And here I pass as a list of parameters all the objects I want to merge.
So no aere just a list of them.
For example object one object to.
Now if I then print out the newly created object so will look what do you think will happen
.
I was thinking about cutting that out but I actually think that's.
Yeah I like that.
So of course maybe typing it correctly will work.
So what do you think will happen.
Well we get a new object which is now the combination of the two objects passed to sign.
So this new object has a and b of course.
An interesting question is what will happen if we merge two objects which for example have different
constructors and they are four prototypes so quickly set up such an example.
So I just created two classes object one and two and then instantiated objects all those classes and
aren't trying to merge them.
What do you think will happen now.
Run Well this still works.
But of course the interesting question is what is the prototype off dead object.
Because the prototype of object one will be object one that prototype would object to will have object
to of prototype also object one is an instance of Object one and you object to hear lowercase 0 is an
instance of Object too.
Right.
And of course we can quickly check that by simply typing object one instance of Object one.
And if I now Heidrun we'll see true and the same is of course true if I do this for an object to.
So the question is what is object is this an object.
Is this an instance of Object 1.
True.
And is it an instance of Object to false.
So Adrie see if the instance of the first object you passed into this a sine function the same was probably
true forward a prototype.
So if you check if its prototype I'm checking with the produ property here.
If that is equal to object 1 prototype Let's see what happens.
That's true and object to all that's false and just object that general prototype we have in javascript
.
That's also false.
So that's important to understand also if I switched the order here.
Now if I check if object to use prototype as the prototype will yield.
True as you can see if I had run Zelle that's important to understand the first object you pass in your
will be the base object which has its prototype and the well is an instance of this class for example
and the other objects you merge into that object will be merged into that first one actually.
So it's not like you create a new object which takes all the other ones but it's more like the first
object the pass into this assigned function will take all the objects you add as additional arguments
.
That's key to understand because if you want to for example add the prototype you have to know which
prototype to edit in order to give it to the right object.
You're right now with that functionality in mind there is also another interesting thing you can also
pass an empty object Esteve first parameter you're like is and then you could pass object 1 and 2 and
a fine print is new object.
But do you think we'll now get
while you get an object with two properties so this merged object but you merge it into a new one.
And therefore if we check if the prototype here equals object one dot prototype.
What do you think we'll now get.
Well we get false because now no longer is object 1 the object into which all the objects are merged
.
But instead the new object would be our base object.
Therefore if I  now Heidrun get truths.
Now object the prototype is our prototypes since we create a new javascript object here.
So that's the object assign method really useful to combine multiple objects but of course important
to keep in mind how it works and that it will actually take the first objects or the first object and
merge all the other objects into it.
Objects received a number of cool extension all quickly sketched out two objects here.
So the person object and thereafter all have my boss object here which also will have a name and my
boss of course is my girlfriend Anna.
So we have those two objects and now if I unlock the prototype of my person what do you think we'll
get if I had run.
Well you got Optik object and if we check if this is object or prototype we'll of course get true because
it's normal javascript object and therefore it's like if you were created with new object and therefore
the object prototype is its prototype.
Now a new method added to this the object class here is to set prototype off Meffert.
Now as the name implies with Dad we can change the prototype often object after it was created now we
already could set the prototype with the object create method if you remember that that's already built
in function.
But with that we would set the prototype at a time we create an object.
Now of said prototype off we can change it after the object was created.
So for example I could pass my person and the second argument would be the prototype a one to set boss
for example.
So now if I check again after resetting this if my prototype is object or prototype What do you think
we'll get on the concept while we get true for the first check which just before I reset the prototype
and then I get false so the prototype was actually overwritten.
Now of course my new prototype would be boss as we can do.
Check if I add this if it now it run we get true twice because a check against my real new prototype
.
That of course also has a natural implication.
If I now print the name of per isn't what do you think we'll now get.
Well of course we get true twice but I still get name.
Maybe where I get Max I mean maybe you were expecting Anna but we have the name on our person.
So Chulbul script isn't reaching out to the prototype it already found a name property on the object
itself.
But if I remove the name here and I had run again and you would see Anna because now we're not finding
this name property on the object itself and therefore Chibuzor for each other prototype which is boss
and that will find the name property here and therefore print.
So that were two very important additions to the object object which I wanted to show you and which
in my opinion will be useful to you and might help you in your applications.